<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
	xmlns:ppc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/ppcomp"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/singlecolumn.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="pageTitle" value="" />
	<ui:param name="pageURL" value="http://zanettisview.com/about.jsf" />
	<ui:define name="content">
		<h1 style="color: #bb0000">About</h1>
		
		<p>Paul Zanetti has always felt a little confined and frustrated at the limitations of the little box within which he draws his daily cartoons – so many stories ripe for the pricking, yet so little space.</p>

<p>He starts the day scratching his head and usually ends it shaking his head, pulling his hair out and occasionally hitting his head on the desk. He decided it was healthier for his scalp and vocal chords to stop yelling at the computer screen and radio – and start writing.</p>

<p>So he blogged on facebook and The Pickering Post, where his written pieces have reached as many as 3.5 million readers with thousands of shares and likes.</p>

<p>Readers contacted Paul asking if he would ever have his own blog site.</p>

<p>So here it is, sometimes serious, mostly satirical. The Opinion pages tend to reflect Paul’s serious side. The silly stuff just writes itself</p> 

<p>Our team of in-house tech savvy IT programmers have worked the site so you can share, like and comment on the Zanetti’s View site where it will post straight to facebook. Saves you going back and forth from this site to facebook.</p>

<p>If you’re on facebook and you want to post on the site there’s no need to register. As long as you’re on facebook and logged in you can comment.</p>

<p>If you don’t have a facebook account,  click on the comment box and you’ll be directed to facebook to create an account.</p>

<p>You don’t have to agree, but it helps.</p>

<p>Feel free to join in on the conversation, comment, post and share and don’t forget to check in regularly for updates on news, opinions and cartoons.</p>

<p>Paul Zanetti<br />
Cartoonist &amp; Blogger</p>
		
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="sidebar">
			
			
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
